#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anndata==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scanpy
annoy==1.17.3
    # via scrublet
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via shiny
array-api-compat==1.11.2
    # via anndata
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via shiny
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   shiny
    #   uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.12
    # via scrublet
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   anyio
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
htmltools==0.6.0
    # via shiny
idna==3.10
    # via anyio
igraph==0.11.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   leidenalg
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
legacy-api-wrap==1.4.1
    # via scanpy
leidenalg==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via shiny
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   shiny
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scanpy
    #   scrublet
    #   seaborn
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via shiny
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
narwhals==1.35.0
    # via shiny
natsort==8.4.0
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-image
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scrublet
    #   umap-learn
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anndata
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   scrublet
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tifffile
    #   umap-learn
    #   xgboost
orjson==3.10.16
    # via shiny
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   htmltools
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   shiny
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
    #   scrublet
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
patsy==1.0.1
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   statsmodels
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   questionary
    #   shiny
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   umap-learn
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via shiny
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
questionary==2.1.0
    # via shiny
scanpy==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via scrublet
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scrublet
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scrublet
    #   statsmodels
    #   umap-learn
    #   xgboost
scrublet==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scanpy
session-info2==0.1.2
    # via scanpy
shiny==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.46.2
    # via shiny
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via scanpy
texttable==1.7.0
    # via igraph
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.3.30
    # via scikit-image
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   umap-learn
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   htmltools
    #   scanpy
    #   shiny
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
umap-learn==0.5.7
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   scrublet
uvicorn==0.34.1
    # via shiny
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via shiny
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via shiny
xgboost==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
